{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Beacon Landing Page\
-----------------------------------\
guide teachers to reports\
common core\
LM - how student is doing at specific time\
\
what should be 2nd version of landing page?\
\
customer advisory - goal: 1 discussion a month\
\
NWT - they want it easier to include district-created content\
\
class name for high school usually a 30-char concatenation of several fields. introducing section. possibly semester. use course + section + semester in addition to class name. \
problem: teachers don't always fill out those fields.\
problem: district loads data in SSE. teachers don't control what the class name entered.\
problem: getting class names difficult.\
idea: let teachers give their classes nicknames?\
\
landing\
see Illuminate, School City (City School?). talk to IA custs. who use Illuminate\
https://www.illuminateed.com/illuminate-data-and-assessment-features.html\
http://www.cityschool.org/about-the-city-school/video\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Aspire, Schoolzilla\
Harvey likes questions - "How EOY ready am I"\
TOEFL - http://www.ets.org/Media/Tests/TOEFL/pdf/TOEFL_Perf_Feedback.pdf?"\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 - grade level aggregations\
- grouping by demographics (free lunch, etc)\
\
v2 landing page\
- alerts re results (most students not understanding std. x)\
- start with email alerts?\
\
big picture: deliver information, not data\
\
\
RAS\
------\
ROM doesn't have Beacon data\
"RPT-Out" - The RAS Build-a-Report page\
tester DemoDC is Greg's demo user\
\
Competitors tend to be intervention products not assessment products - \
iStation\
iReady\
\
Better experience going from Beacon to RAS\
My ideas - \
* Use same nav. for both apps: Juan + menu bar. (Resistance to this b/c of the space. But I don't care b/c user will scroll down regardless. Scroll down 1/8 in. vs 1/4 in. not matter as long as whole matrix appears in one view.) (medium. can be broken into 2 simple steps: 1- first our nav. bar to look like RAS's, and take out rounded corner bkground.  2 - use Juan. 3 - link to mCLASS Reporting )\
* Put RAS in Results pull-down "Reporting", "mCLASS Reporting" (simple)\
* OR put RAS as link on page. (simple)\
* OR Keep in header but rename "mCLASS Reporting" (extremely simple)\
\
NWT:\
*PDF uses old Beacon logo\
}