{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 circular 6\
\
\
NY adopted standards, designed tests, did not develop curriculum in between \
\
scrambling to develop curriculum even tho i'm not a curriculum developer\
\
teachers design lesson plans based on a curriculum\
\
\
idea:\
highlight standard\
see curriculum \
place to store lesson plans\
\
map of your year.\
each standard\
----------------------\
previous standards:\
must teach x,y,x before\
can teach x.y,z before\
cannot teach x.y.z before\
diagnostic test to see if understand pre-standards\
resources to teach this standard\
quick checks/post-test\
\
\
wasting time making spreadsheets that get sent to the district and never come back\
idea: close the loop, bring them back, show the value.\
\
make making those spreadsheets easier.\
\
scan test written freehand.\
autoscore (Evernote can detect letters). Auto score for MC, MCA, BCR\
teacher can hand score and scan in\
or take photos\
barcode scan with iPhone to bring up student\
stylus scoring\
annotate CRs\
\
improved student testing experience\
no CRs for young kids\
capital letter pwds \
resources\
how many wrong is how many resources you have to do- incentive to study\
teacher knows what was assigned to you. you are given a due date.\
for so many wrong answers a retest is scheduled.\
2 versions of OA, younger and older. 6th grade?\
text resize. or us change size based on grade of asset.\
color gradient background bars to help them read text\
Student landing page on teacher site.\
teacher can lo in and take the test along with students\
no more pads of butter. better way to show saved answers.\
\
goals:\
make making lessons easier. have a curriculum.\
make sending reports to district easier, including entering student scores\
have fun with lesson plans\
attach curriculum to assessments. it's a package. \
a tool to make a lesson plan. in the resources section. }